README.md, before:

# Study-Review
自己欠缺的还太多了，希望通过总结每天的学习内容，整理每天的思绪来丰富自己的知识库。我想成为一名优秀的金融数据分析师，并行发展技术与商业业务。博客内容为：数理统计、财务业务、Python(数据分析及可视化)、Excel（数据分析）、SQL、英文
## 数理统计
## 财务业务
## Python
## Excel
[Excel table Initials](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/7#issue-2206544892)

## SQL
[SQL Summary](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/1#issue-2190108775)

[SQL window functions](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/15)

[The order of SQL excution](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/3)

[Choose the Nthhighest score](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/2#issue-2192501103)

[Rank score](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/4)

[180. Consecutive number](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/6)

[182. Duplicate email](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/10)

[183. Customers Who Never Order](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/9)

[184. Department Highest Salary](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/8)

[550. Game-play-analysis-iv](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/11)

[550. Manager with at least 5 direct reports](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/12)

[585. Investments in 2016](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/13)

[1445. Organge and Apple](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/14)_
## 英文

## 闲谈笔记
[Key words in job searching](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/5)

Commit message:

added Vowel Sound / ɪ / as in "it" - American English Pronunciation

README.md, after:

# Study-Review
自己欠缺的还太多了，希望通过总结每天的学习内容，整理每天的思绪来丰富自己的知识库。我想成为一名优秀的金融数据分析师，并行发展技术与商业业务。博客内容为：数理统计、财务业务、Python(数据分析及可视化)、Excel（数据分析）、SQL、英文
## 数理统计
## 财务业务
## Python
## Excel
[Excel table Initials](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/7#issue-2206544892)

## SQL
[SQL Summary](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/1#issue-2190108775)

[SQL window functions](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/15)

[The order of SQL excution](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/3)

[Choose the Nthhighest score](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/2#issue-2192501103)

[Rank score](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/4)

[180. Consecutive number](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/6)

[182. Duplicate email](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/10)

[183. Customers Who Never Order](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/9)

[184. Department Highest Salary](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/8)

[550. Game-play-analysis-iv](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/11)

[550. Manager with at least 5 direct reports](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/12)

[585. Investments in 2016](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/13)

[1445. Organge and Apple](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/14)_
## 英文

[Vowel Sound / ɪ / as in "it" - American English Pronunciation](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/16)

## 闲谈笔记
[Key words in job searching](https://github.com/QuXiangjie/Study-Review/issues/5)
